let's warm up your face head and neck
muscles
with some neck tilts slowly tilt your
head to the right
then to the left whoa a little crackly
are we
no wait that's me never mind five reps
on each side's about enough
now nod your head up and down just
five times is enough now tilt your head
back
and look at the ceiling see the spider
webs
you can clean that later stick your jaw
out until you can feel your neck muscle
straining a bit
then pull it back now move it gently to
the right
and to the left don't force it or
anything
smooth and slow do that whole thing
ten times let's get rid of your rounded
shoulders
all you need is a doorway two trees that
are close together
or just use your imagination stand in
front of your doorway
bend your elbows to 90 degrees lift up
your arms and rest your forearms
on each side of the doorway so that your
fingers point straight up
take one step forward so your feet are
inside the doorway
now super carefully lean forward
just remember not to move those feet
you'll feel your chest stretch open
hold this position for 15 seconds then
go back to neutral
do it three times in a row this one's
great if you're feeling a bit sleepy
get up and stretch this exercise helps
you loosen up and opens your chest
it gets super tight when you sit in
front of your computer
drive or text with your head down
reverse shoulder stretch also helps you
open up your chest
stand with your feet shoulder-width
apart look straight in front of you
and hold your arms down by your sides
reach back
and clasp your hands behind your back
your thumb should be facing down
open up your chest and lift your arms up
behind your back
when you feel your shoulders stretch
it's time to stop
hold this position for 30 seconds then
lower your arms back down take a breath
and do it again
if it feels uncomfortable try lifting
your arms up a little less
until you get more flexible prone
ity sounds complicated but it's actually
a great workout for those
tiny stabilizing muscles in your
shoulders
for this one you'll need to lie down on
your stomach
with your forehead on the floor
raise your arms straight above your head
as high as you can
this is the eye position hold it for a
couple of seconds
then relax everything back down on the
floor
lift your arms behind your back into a y
position well it's sort of a y
when you reach your limit hold it for a
couple of seconds
then release back down last one
the t stretch your arms out to the side
to make a human t
now raise those arms up as high as you
can
once you're done go back to the eye
position
can you do two sets of ten reps of
course you can
fixing rounded shoulders is important
because they make your posture worse
neck discomfort headaches lower back
tightness
all that nasty stuff
wall slides and you'll be feeling good
as new
lean back on a wall and take a tiny step
forward
your upper back still have to touch the
wall though
bend your elbows so that your thumbs are
near your shoulder
fingers pointing up press your forearms
against the wall
start sliding your arms up and down keep
your shoulder blades squeezed together
back there
try for 10 reps once you've got it down
try three sets of ten reps each
turtleneck no not like that one this one
sit up straight in a chair on your next
exhale
pretend like you're a turtle pull your
head back slowly
so that your chin is down by your chest
the back of your neck's going to get a
nice stretch on the inhale push your
chin
forward as far as you can as if you're
trying to reach something with it
just like before let's go smooth and
slow
try it three times if you want a
beautiful
neck you've got to work out all your
head muscles
tongue included tongue fitness is key
for your neck
plus it really helps if you're feeling
lazy or tired
lift your chin as high as possible and
hold it there
now try and press your tongue up against
the roof of your mouth
keep doing these tongue push-ups as many
times as you can
you can feel your tongue muscle down
into your throat
take a little break and move on to some
simple tongue stretches
look right in front of you open your
mouth and stretch your tongue out
and up as far as you can aim for your
nose
can you touch it not that many people
can
hold it for 10 seconds at the furthest
point
and relax try it for five times total
work out those lips on your way to the
perfect neck
tilt your head back and look at the
ceiling hi spiderwebs
pucker up your lips as much as you can
your goal is to kiss the ceiling this is
going to stretch the area
under your chin want a bit more stretch
pretend
you're writing your name with your lips
on the ceiling
you'll need a tennis ball for this next
exercise tuck it under your chin
and press down on it lightly at first
this one can be tricky
but it gives fast results it works both
your chin and neck muscles
keeping the skin firm facial yoga can
help you get rid of lines and loose skin
on your neck
stand up and look right in front of you
put your fingertips on that
sideways bone at the bottom of your neck
tilt your head back and gently pull the
neck skin down
move your head down to your chest do two
reps of this one
probably a good idea to cut your nails
first
when you're done move your lower lip as
far out as you can
pull the corners of your mouth down lift
your chin
put your fingertips back on that same
bone and hold it like that for four
deep breaths finish it off with the face
palm lie down on the floor
bend your knees and keep your feet flat
on the ground
press your palm into your forehead now
try to move your chin down to your chest
when you do this your palm acts as
resistance
and your neck gets a serious workout
you'll feel all your front neck muscles
contract
stay in this position for five seconds
try
10 reps but make sure to take a few
recovery breaths
in between to get even better results
from this workout
and a perfect healthy neck follow some
of these extra steps
to keep your skin tight always wear
sunscreen on your neck
spf 30s good enough for everyday use
if you're going to be in direct sunlight
for a long time
choose a stronger sunscreen you should
reapply
every two hours chewing gum is a good
way to get your neck tone
plus it helps your jaw muscle stay
flexible and strong
if you always chew your food on the left
side of your mouth
chew your gum on the right the chewing
process stimulates your neck muscles
and tones up your facial area remember
to go for
sugar-free gum if you spend a lot of
time sitting at a desk
keep your thighs and calves at 90
degrees
this helps the blood flow better and
it's good for your posture
adjust your chair and use a foot rest if
you need to
the top of your computer screen should
be just below eye level
if it's any lower you'll have to hunch
forward to see it properly
that's going to give you rounded
shoulders in no time
take plenty of breaks from sitting to
walk around and stretch your neck
you can even do some of the exercises
from this video as you're working
do more cardio to tone up your entire
body
this kind of workout tones all your
muscles at once
including your neck walking running
cycling
swimming jumping rope the list is
endless
when you're on a diet you really can't
control exactly
where you're going to lose weight it
happens all over
and it's different for different people
that's why they recommend a healthy diet
and targeted workouts eat more veggies
steamed or grilled replace sweets
chocolates and added sugar candies with
fruit
add more lean proteins like low-fat
dairy
lean beef eggs poultry nuts tofu
and dark leafy greens to your diet they
make you feel
full for longer drink more water to keep
your neck looking toned
it hydrates the spongy discs in your
neck
they're mostly made of water and they
need a lot of it to stay strong
plus water helps curb your appetite and
stops you from eating too many salty
snacks
don't sleep on your stomach every night
it can put too much pressure on your
neck
as it has to stay in an uncomfortable
position for hours sleep on your back
and put a pillow under each arm to take
some of the strain off
if you like to sleep on your side make
sure your pillows the right height
and if you're constantly on the phone
get a headset
or any other hand-free gadget you create
a lot of neck tension
when you tilt your head to the side to
cradle your phone